h1. Mongoid::PaperclipQueue

Mongoid::PaperclipQueue is a complete rewrite of "Delayed_Paperclip":http://github.com/jstorimer/delayed_paperclip and "Mongoid_Paperclip":http://github.com/meskyanichi/mongoid-paperclip to allow those of us using Mongoid to process "Paperclip":http://github.com/thoughtbot/paperclip attachments in the background using "Resque":http://github.com/defunkt/resque.

h2. Why?

We all know how important it is to keep our page load times down, so this allows us to dump all that processing to Resque to perform in the background.

h2. Installation

Install the gem:

<pre><code>sudo gem install mongoid_paperclip_queue</code></pre>

Or for Rails 3, to your Gemfile:

<pre><code>gem 'mongoid_paperclip_queue'</code></pre>

h3. Dependencies:
* Mongoid
* Paperclip
* Resque

You don't need to include paperclip in your Gemfile.

h2. Usage

In your model:

<pre><code>
  class User 
    include Mongoid::Document
    extend Mongoid::PaperclipQueue

    has_queued_attached_file :avatar, :styles => { :medium => "300x300>", :thumb => "100x100>" }

  end

  # You can also embed attachments, too.
  class Team 
	include Mongoid::Document

	embeds_many :users, :cascade_callbacks => true # this will save all the attachments when Team is saved.
  end

  
</code></pre>

Paperclip will behave exactly "like they describe":http://github.com/thoughtbot/paperclip.

h3. Resque

Make sure that you have "Resque":http://github.com/defunkt/resque up and running.  The jobs will be dispatched to the <code>:paperclip</code> queue, so you can correctly dispatch your worker.  Configure resque and your workers exactly as you would otherwise.

h3. Detect the processing state

Processing detection is built in. We take advantage of Redis since it should already be running, and we can keep our <code>#{attachment_name}_processing</code> field out of our MongoDB and into a more temporary key store. The temporary image url isn't saved anywhere, so you'll have to specify that on your own, but it's easy to use:

<pre><code>
  @user = User.find(1)
  url = @user.avatar.processing? ? "/images/missing.png" : @user.avatar.url

</code></pre>

h2. Contributing

Checkout out CONTRIBUTING for more info.
